make integrity checks more consistent (#666)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/app-cap-description.adoc

NOTE: Even though valid capabilities which fail the integrity check could not have been legally generated,
 defining the handling in the architecture allows the behavior to be precisely specified for all 2^(CLEN+1)^ input values.

> Implementing these checks is optional, as all detected cases are theoretically unreachable.

Reviewer: That's true, I guess that would be more like "misconfiguration".
```suggestion
Implementing these checks is optional, as all detected cases are not reachable in a correctly functioning system.
```

> IMPORTANT: The default is to _include_ integrity checks, and they are _excluded_ in all cases to save logic area if {cheri_nointegrity_ext} is implemented.

Reviewer: I feel like we shouldn't introduce a new extension. Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
IMPORTANT: It is strongly recommended to _include_ integrity checks, but they may be omitted to save area in systems that do not wish to be more resilient to bit flips.
```

Reviewer: And maybe some note on needing to define behaviour for all combination of input bits for DV?

Author: I don't think resistance to bit flips is what we're aiming for here - if you want that you put ECC everywhere.
I think what we're aiming for is capabilities written by an incompatible IP

Reviewer 2: If it’s possible to do so then that is an integration error that does not conform to the RISC-V specification.

Author: I'm not sure we want to deny such systems, I've heard people talking of (e.g.) mixed 32-bit/64-bit CHERI systems before.
I'm advocating for such a system, but I don't see why we should prevent it by definition.

So these checks will be saying that a capability has been read which can't be handled, which is probably an error in a heterogenous system, but better to have a definition of the behaviour in these cases.

Reviewer 2: You can totally do that if you design your system very carefully, but the tags must be distinct. What you cannot do is interpret a valid 64-bit capability as a 128-bit one, or vice-versa, and get a valid tag.

Author: I think the current wording reflects that as it talks about `IP compatibility issues` so any objections to merging?

Reviewer: New wording is vague enough. Sounds good to me
